# Package Analysis and Installation Script

This script is designed to analyze a python package and find any vulnerabilities or malicious code within the package.

## Usage

To use this script, follow these steps:

1. Open a terminal or command prompt.
2. Run the script using the command `analyze_package <packageName>`.

## Features

- Vulnerability analysis: The script will analyze the python package for vulnerbilites through open source data and provide a health score.
- Dependency analysis: If the package contains any dependencies the script will analyse those dependencies and will provide a health score for these dependencies which will be used to generate the overall health score for the package.
- Malicious code analysis: The script analyses the source code of the package to ensure there is no malcious code hidden using YARA.
- Vulnearbility report: If any vulnerabilities are found during the analysis, a report will be generated highlighting the issues.
- Example report: An example report can be found in requests_0.11.2_vulnerability_report.txt

## Note

Please note that the vulnerability report generated by this script will only be for the package itself and not its dependencies. If you want to analyze the dependencies separately, you will need to run the script for each individual dependency.


## Requirements

- Python 3.x
- Pip package manager
- requests python package
- argparse python package
- BeautifulSoup python package

## Installation

To install the script, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository.
2. Ensure that Python 3.x and Pip are installed on your system.
3. Open a terminal or command prompt.
4. Update the system environment path to the location of the scripts.
5. Run the command `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install the necessary dependencies.


